get everyone and welcome today I'm
making one of my all-time favorites and
it is so delicious and so easy to make
at home so for starters you'll of course
need some chicken now I've cut up a
whole chicken here into pieces
you can of course buy your chicken
pieces pre-cut I've got a couple of
drumsticks the thighs the wings with
half of the breasts attached and the
other half of the breasts I'm using a 1
kilo chicken for this I find that larger
chickens take too long to cook and the
outer coating becomes overcooked so
stick around the 1 kilo mark now for the
seasoning I've got 1 cup of plain flour
1 tablespoon of salt a teaspoon of
ground black pepper about 1/4 teaspoon
of cayenne pepper now this doesn't make
it hot it just gives it a bit of a kick
1/2 a tablespoon of garlic powder a
tablespoon of onion powder a teaspoon of
dried mixed herbs and now for the secret
ingredient that will make it super
crunchy I've got some instant potato
mash powder and I'm going to add in half
a cup of this give this a good mix
together and it's time to prepare the
chicken so here I'm just taking a piece
of chicken and I'm just going to dip it
in some egg wash which is just a couple
of beaten eggs mixed with a little bit
of water and then into the flour mix and
onto a plate and I'm going to repeat
this for all of the chicken pieces and
set it to one side for 20 minutes and
then it's time to do it again so into
the egg wash back into the flour and
what this does is it gives it a lovely
thick coating and this will help make
that chicken super crunchy so again just
repeat this for all of the chicken leave
it to one side for 20 minutes before
cooking and it's time to fry it so here
I've got some canola oil preheated to
180 Celsius or 350 Fahrenheit I'm just
going to gently place in half of those
chicken pieces you don't want to
overcrowd your oil here and I'm going to
cook this for 15 minutes turning it
every 3 to 4 minutes and this will
ensure the chickens cooked nice and
evenly and once it's done I'm
remove it from the fryer and place it
onto a rack to remove any excess oil and
just repeat this step for the rest of
your chicken and this is what you get
guys be sure to leave it for about ten
minutes or so before digging in so you
don't burn your mouth and enjoy now this
recipe is so delicious that extra crunch
really tops off your standard fried
chicken so give it a go if you want some
more recipes check out my barbecue
cooking channel my Google+ and my
Facebook pages I'll put the links down
in the description bar along with a full
list of ingredients for today's recipe
thanks for watching and I will catch you
all next time